[docs] Remove out of date information and elaborate (#37807)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/runtime-versions.mdx

The following are some strategies to avoid deploying updates that are incompatible with a build's native code.

### Use a runtime version policy that automatically updates the runtime version when native code is updated

The `"appVersion"` policy will increment the runtime version whenever the app version is incremented, but if you forget to bump the app version when changing the native runtime, then you'll have a runtime version mismatch. If you want to make incompatible updates extremely unlikely, at the cost of making it necessary to create builds more often, then you can use the `"fingerprint"` policy. This will increment the runtime version whenever anything that may impact the native runtime changes ([learn more about fingerprinting](/versions/latest/sdk/fingerprint/)).

### Manually increment the runtime version

> Whenever installing or updating native code, [manually increment the `"runtimeVersion"` property](/eas-update/runtime-versions/#custom-runtime-version) in the project's app config (**app.json**/**app.config.js**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever installing or updating native code, [manually increment the `"runtimeVersion"` property](/eas-update/runtime-versions/#custom-runtime-version) in the project's [app config](/workflow/configuration/).
```

Let's link to the app config doc since there are 4 variants of this file as per our writing style guide: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#referencing-appjsonappconfigjsonappconfigjsappconfigts

### Roll out the update gradually

> If you're not sure about the impact of a new update, you can roll it out to a small group of users first. Use [rollouts](/eas-update/rollouts/) to publish the update to a small percentage of users and monitor the error rate for the update on the EAS dashboard. If you are noticing high error rates, then cancel the rollout. If you already rolled it out fully, then [roll it back](eas-update/rollbacks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not sure about the impact of a new update, you can roll it out to a small group of users first. Use [rollouts](/eas-update/rollouts/) to publish the update to a small percentage of users and monitor the error rate for the update on the EAS dashboard. If you are noticing high error rates, then cancel the rollout. If you already rolled it out fully, then [roll it back](/eas-update/rollbacks/).
```

Let's fix the broken internal link
